# Pricing Service

The Pricing Service starts from REST WebService that simulates a backend that
would store and retrieve the price of a vehicle given a vehicle id as
input. 
`http://localhost:8082/services/price?vehicleId=1`

It is converted to a microservice.


## Features

- REST WebService integrated with Spring Boot

## Instructions

#### TODOs

- Convert the Pricing Service to be a microservice.
- Add an additional test to check whether the application appropriately generates a price for a given vehicle ID

#### Run the code

To run this service you execute:

```
$ mvn clean package
```

```
$ java -jar target/pricing-service-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

It can also be imported in your IDE as a Maven project.


### PricingServiceApplication `pricing`

This launches the Pricing Service as a Spring Boot application.

### PricingController `pricing.api`

This is our actual REST controller for the application. This implements what a GET request will respond with - in this case, a randomly generated price gathered from the PricingService. 
Once converted to a microservice, the Controller should not be explicitly necessary.

### Price `pricing.domain.price`

This declares the Price class, primarily just made of the private variables currency, price and vehicleId.

### PriceRepository

This repository provide a type of data persistence while the web service runs, namely the ID->price pairing generated by the PricingService.

### PriceException `pricing.service`

This creates a PriceException that can be thrown when an issue arises in the PricingService.

### PricingService

The Pricing Service does most of the legwork of the code. Here, it creates a mapping of random prices to IDs, as well as the method (in our mock service here) to generate the random prices. 
Once converted to a microservice, the Service should not be explicitly necessary.

